# this is the first version
This project is to run a Raspberry PI as an audio device.The device is able to
do 2 functions: as a sound collector and as a test-tone generator

Table of Content
    1. Configuration Instructions
    2. Installation Instructions
    3. Operating Instructing
    4. File list (Manifest)
    5. Copyright / Copyleft
    6. Contact Information
    7. Credits and Acknowledgements

1. Configuration Instructions

The apllication is running on a Raspberry Pi 3 model B.
This Pi should came with a USB sound card, a Network connection, a
microphone.

1.1 Configure USB sound card as default audio device

	- Make sure the usb sound card is connected to the Raspberry Pi. 
	- Use command:"sudo nano /etc/asound.conf" and put following content to the file:
			pcm.!default {
				type plug
				slave {
					pcm "hw:1,0"
				}
			}
			ctl.!default {
				type hw
				card 1
			}

	- Return to your home direction, use "nano .asoundrc" command and do the same content to this file. 
		Run "alsamixer", you should be able to see that USB sound card is the default audio device.

1.2 Install Libcurl library

	- Use command "ls /usr/include/curl" or "ls /usr/include/arm-linux-gnueabihf/curl" to identify that libcurl library is installed.
	- If the folder doesn’t exist. Run “sudo apt-get update” to update the application list.
	- Run “sudo apt-get install libcurl3” to install the libcurl3.
	- Run “sudo apt-get install libcurl4-openssl-dev” to install the development API of libcurl4.

2. Installation Instructions

	- Insert the micro SD card into the Raspberry. 
	- Connect the Raspberry Pi by RJ45 cable to the internet.
	- Attach the USB sound card to USB port in Raspberry device.
	- Put the microphone to the microphone slot in the sound card.
	- Check for the LAN LED on the Raspberry Pi blinks as it connection is good.
	- Connect the power suply and open the linux application to use the Raspberry device.

3. Operating Instructions

	- Use your IP address which is sent to your email inbox to connect to the sever.
	- Login the Raspberry Pi with your personal account.
	- Make direct to the project folder and run the application.
	- Record the sound with the microphone.
	- The result is displayed on the screen.

4. File manifest

	main.c
	sound.c
	sound.h
	screen.c
	screen.h
	comm.c
	comm.h
	makefile
	sound.php
	curltest.c
	README

5. Copyright/Copyleft

	COPYRIGHT (c) 2019 QUANG HOANG NGUYEN

6. Contact Information
	
		HOANG NGUYEN, e1800916
	Dept. of Information technology
	Vaasa University of Applied Sciences
	Woffintie 30, 65100, Vaasa, Finland
	page: www.cc.puv.fi/~e1800916/

7. Credits and Acknowledgements
	
	Thanks for Dr.Gao Chao for spending time on helping this project.

